README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add files todo_list project for code review

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Javascript Project Todo List

> Using Javascript to create a simple Todo List project. Populating the todo list and then removing from the list.

## Built With

- HTML/CSS
- Javascript
- Linters
- Visual Studio
- Git/GitHub
- Webpack

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://gak92.github.io/code_review_todo_list/dist/)

## Getting Started

Create a repo then clone it on to Visual Studio Code

### Setup

Create index.html, style.css, and script.js file for the project.
Add linters.yml to run the scripts
Create a good Read Me File.

### Install

Visual Studio Code

### Usage

Develop Javascript Project using Visual Studio Code

### Run tests

Apply linters to run the tests of the project

### Deployment

Deploy onto the web using GitHub Pages

## Authors

👤 **Ghazanfar Ali**

- GitHub: [@gak92](https://github.com/gak92)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ghazanfar-ali-9a4998a/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
